The Man with Two Faces

It was Quirrell.

"You!"gasped Harry.

Quirrell smiled.His face wasn't twitching at all.

"Me," hesaid calmly. "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you here, Potter."

"But I thought-- Snape --"

"Severus?"Quirrell laughed, and it wasn't his usual quivering treble, either, but coldand sharp. "Yes, Severus does seem the type, doesn't he? So useful to havehim swooping around like an overgrown bat. Next to him, who would suspect p-p-poor,st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?"

Harry couldn't takeit in. This couldn't be true, it couldn't.

"But Snapetried to kill me!"

"No, no, no. Itried to kill you. Your friend Miss Granger accidentally knocked me over as sherushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match. She broke my eye contactwith you. Another few seconds and I'd have got you off that broom. I'd havemanaged it before then if Snape hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying tosave you."

"Snape wastrying to save me?"

"Of course,"said Quirrell coolly. "\Why do you think he wanted to referee your nextmatch? He was trying to make sure I didn't do it again. Funny, really... heneedn't have bothered. I couldn't do anything with Dumbledore watching. All theother teachers thought Snape was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he didmake himself unpopular... and what a waste of time, when after all that, I'mgoing to kill you tonight."

Quirrell snappedhis fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly aroundHarry.

"You're toonosy to live, Potter. Scurrying around the school on Halloween like that, forall I knew you'd seen me coming to look at what was guarding the Stone."

"You let thetroll in?"

"Certainly. Ihave a special gift with trolls -- you must have seen what I did to the one inthe chamber back there? Unfortunately, while everyone else was running aroundlooking for it, Snape, who already suspected me, went straight to the thirdfloor to head me off -- and not only did my troll fail to beat you to death,that three-headed dog didn't even manage to bite Snape's leg off properly.

"Now, waitquietly, Potter. I need to examine this interesting mirror.

It was only thenthat Harry realized what was standing behind Quirrell. It was the Mirror ofErised.

"This mirroris the key to finding the Stone," Quirrell murmured, tapping his wayaround the frame. "Trust Dumbledore to come up with something like this...but he's in London... I'll be far away by the time he gets back...."

All Harry couldthink of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him from concentrating onthe mirror.

"I saw you andSnape in the forest --" he blurted out.

"Yes,"said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the back. "He wason to me by that time, trying to find out how far I'd got. He suspected me allalong. Tried to frighten me - as though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort onmy side...."

Quirrell came backout from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into it.

"I see theStone... I'm presenting it to my master... but where is it?"

Harry struggledagainst the ropes binding him, but they didn't give. He had to keep Quirrellfrom giving his whole attention to the mirror.

"But Snapealways seemed to hate me so much."

"Oh, hedoes," said Quirrell casually, "heavens, yes. He was at Hogwarts withyour father, didn't you know? They loathed each other. But he never wanted youdead."

"But I heardyou a few days ago, sobbing -- I thought Snape was threatening you...."

For the first time,a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell's face.

"Sometimes,"he said, "I find it hard to follow my master's instructions -- he is agreat wizard and I am weak --"

"You mean hewas there in the classroom with you?" Harry gasped.

"He is with mewherever I go," said Quirrell quietly. "I met him when I traveledaround the world. A foolish young man I was then, full of ridiculous ideasabout good and evil. Lord Voldemort showed me how wrong I was. There is no goodand evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it.... Since then, Ihave served him faithfully, although I have let him down many times. He has hadto be very hard on me." Quirrell shivered suddenly. "He does notforgive mistakes easily. When I failed to steal the stone from Gringotts, hewas most displeased. He punished me... decided he would have to keep a closerwatch on me...."

Quirrell's voicetrailed away. Harry was remembering his trip to Diagon Alley -how could he havebeen so stupid? He'd seen Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with himin the Leaky Cauldron.

Quirrell cursedunder his breath.

"I don'tunderstand... is the Stone inside the mirror? Should I break it?"

Harry's mind wasracing.

What I want morethan anything else in the world at the moment, he thought, is to find the Stonebefore Quirrell does. So if I look in the mirror, I should see myseff findingit -- which means I'll see where it's hidden! But how can I look without Quirrellrealizing what I'm up to?

He tried to edge tothe left, to get in front of the glass without Quirrell noticing, but the ropesaround his ankles were too tight: he tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignoredhim. He was still talking to himself. "What does this mirror do? How doesit work? Help me, Master!"

And to Harry'shorror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come from Quirrell himself

"Use theboy... Use the boy..."

Quirrell rounded onHarry.

"Yes -- Potter-- come here."

He clapped hishands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell off. Harry got slowly to his feet.

"Comehere," Quirrell repeated. "Look in the mirror and tell me what yousee."

Harry walked towardhim.

I must lie, hethought desperately. I must look and lie about what I see, that's all.

Quirrell movedclose behind him. Harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come fromQuirrell's turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, andopened them again.

He saw hisreflection, pale and scared-looking at first. But a moment later, thereflection smiled at him. It put its hand into its pocket and pulled out ablood-red stone. It winked and put the Stone back in its pocket -- and as itdid so, Harry felt something heavy drop into his real pocket. Somehow --incredibly -- he'd gotten the Stone.

"Well?"said Quirrell impatiently. "What do you see?"

Harry screwed uphis courage.

"I see myselfshaking hands with Dumbledore," he invented. "I -- I've won the housecup for Gryffindor."

Quirrell cursedagain.

"Get out ofthe way," he said. As Harry moved aside, he felt the Sorcerer's Stoneagainst his leg. Dare he make a break for it?

But he hadn'twalked five paces before a high voice spoke, though Quirrell wasn't moving hislips.

"He lies... Helies..."

"Potter, comeback here!" Quirrell shouted. "Tell me the truth! What did you justsee?"

The high voicespoke again.

"Let me speakto him... face-to-face..."

"Master, youare not strong enough!"

"I havestrength enough... for this...."

Harry felt as ifDevil's Snare was rooting him to the spot. He couldn't move a muscle.Petrified, he watched as Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap his turban.What was going on? The turban fell away. Quirrell's head looked strangely smallwithout it. Then he turned slowly on the spot.

Harry would havescreamed, but he couldn't make a sound. Where there should have been a back toQuirrell's head, there was a face, the most terrible face Harry had ever seen.It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.

"HarryPotter..." it whispered.

Harry tried to takea step backward but his legs wouldn't move.

"See what Ihave become?" the face said. "Mere shadow and vapor ... I have formonly when I can share another's body... but there have always been thosewilling to let me into their hearts and minds.... Unicorn blood hasstrengthened me, these past weeks... you saw faithful Quirrell drinking it forme in the forest... and once I have the Elixir of Life, I will be able tocreate a body of my own.... Now... why don't you give me that Stone in yourpocket?"

So he knew. Thefeeling suddenly surged back into Harry's legs. He stumbled backward.

"Don't be afool," snarled the face. "Better save your own life and join me... oryou'll meet the same end as your parents.... They died begging me formercy..."

"LIAR!"Harry shouted suddenly.

Quirrell waswalking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see him. The evil facewas now smiling.

"Howtouching..." it hissed. "I always value bravery... Yes, boy, yourparents were brave.... I killed your father first; and he put up a courageousfight... but your mother needn't have died... she was trying to protect you....Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain."

"NEVER!"

Harry sprang towardthe flame door, but Voldemort screamed "SEIZE HIM!" and the nextsecond, Harry felt Quirrell's hand close on his wrist. At once, a needle-sharppain seared across Harry's scar; his head felt as though it was about to splitin two; he yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, Quirrelllet go of him. The pain in his head lessened -- he looked around wildly to seewhere Quirrell had gone, and saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers --they were blistering before his eyes.

"Seize him!SEIZE HIM!" shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harryclean off his feet' landing on top of him, both hands around Harry's neck --Harry's scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrellhowling in agony.

"Master, Icannot hold him -- my hands -- my hands!"

And Quirrell,though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck andstared, bewildered, at his own palms -- Harry could see they looked burned,raw, red, and shiny.

"Then killhim, fool, and be done!" screeched Voldemort.

Quirrell raised hishand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbedQuirrell's face --

"AAAARGH!"

Quirrell rolled offhim, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn't touch hisbare skin, not without suffering terrible pain -- his only chance was to keephold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.

Harry jumped to hisfeet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could. Quirrellscreamed and tried to throw Harry off -- the pain in Harry's head was building-- he couldn't see -- he could only hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort'syells of, "KILL HIM! KILL HIM!" and other voices, maybe in Harry's ownhead, crying, "Harry! Harry!"

He felt Quirrell'sarm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blackness, down... down... down...

Something gold wasglinting just above him. The Snitch! He tried to catch it, but his arms weretoo heavy.

He blinked. Itwasn't the Snitch at all. It was a pair of glasses. How strange.

He blinked again.The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view above him.

"Goodafternoon, Harry," said Dumbledore. Harry stared at him. Then heremembered: "Sir! The Stone! It was Quirrell! He's got the Stone! Sir,quick --"

"Calmyourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said Dumbledore."Quirrell does not have the Stone."

"Then whodoes? Sir, I --"

"Harry, pleaserelax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.

Harry swallowed andlooked around him. He realized he must be in the hospital wing. He was lying ina bed with white linen sheets, and next to him was a table piled high with whatlooked like half the candy shop.

"Tokens from yourfriends and admirers," said Dumbledore, beaming. "What happened downin the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so,naturally, the whole school knows. I believe your friends Misters Fred andGeorge Weasley were responsible for trying to send you a toilet seat. No doubtthey thought it would amuse you. Madam Pomfrey, however, felt it might not bevery hygienic, and confiscated it."

"How long haveI been in here?"

"Three days.Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have come round,they have been extremely worried."

"But sit, theStone

I see you are notto be distracted. Very well, the Stone. Professor Quirrell did not manage totake it from you. I arrived in time to prevent that, although you were doingvery well on your own, I must say.

"You gotthere? You got Hermione's owl?"

"We must havecrossed in midair. No sooner had I reached London than it became clear to methat the place I should be was the one I had just left. I arrived just in timeto pull Quirrell off you."

"It wasyou."

"I feared Imight be too late."

"You nearlywere, I couldn't have kept him off the Stone much longer --"

"Not theStone, boy, you -- the effort involved nearly killed you. For one terriblemoment there, I was afraid it had. As for the Stone, it has beendestroyed."

"Destroyed?"said Harry blankly. "But your friend -- Nicolas Flamel --"

"Oh, you knowabout Nicolas?" said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted. "You diddo the thing properly, didn't you? Well, Nicolas and I have had a little chat,and agreed it's all for the best."

"But thatmeans he and his wife will die, won't they?"

"They haveenough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, yes, they willdie."

Dumbledore smiledat the look of amazement on Harry's face.

"To one asyoung as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas and Perenelle, itreally is like going to bed after a very, very long day. After all, to thewell-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. You know, the Stonewas really not such a wonderful thing. As much money and life as you couldwant! The two things most human beings would choose above all -- the troubleis, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worstfor them." Harry lay there, lost for words. Dumbledore hummed a little andsmiled at the ceiling.

"Sir?"said Harry. "I've been thinking... sir -- even if the Stone's gone, Vol-,I mean, You-Know- Who --"

"Call himVoldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a nameincreases fear of the thing itself."

"Yes, sir.Well, Voldemort's going to try other ways of coming back, isn't he? I mean, hehasn't gone, has he?"

"No, Harry, hehas not. He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking for another body toshare... not being truly alive, he cannot be killed. He left Quirrell to die;he shows just as little mercy to his followers as his enemies. Nevertheless,Harry, while you may only have delayed his return to power, it will merely takesomeone else who is prepared to fight what seems a losing battle next time --and if he is delayed again, and again, why, he may never return to power."

Harry nodded, butstopped quickly, because it made his head hurt. Then he said, "Sir, thereare some other things I'd like to know, if you can tell me... things I want toknow the truth about...."

"Thetruth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, andshould therefore be treated with great caution. However, I shall answer yourquestions unless I have a very good reason not to, in which case I beg you'llforgive me. I shall not, of course, lie."

"Well...Voldemort said that he only killed my mother because she tried to stop him fromkilling me. But why would he want to kill me in the first place?"

Dumbledore sighedvery deeply this time.

"Alas, thefirst thing you ask me, I cannot tell you. Not today. Not now. You will know,one day... put it from your mind for now, Harry. When you are older... I knowyou hate to hear this... when you are ready, you will know."

And Harry knew itwould be no good to argue.

"But whycouldn't Quirrell touch me?"

"Your motherdied to save you. If there is one thing Voldemort cannot understand, it islove. He didn't realize that love as powerful as your mother's for you leavesits own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign... to have been loved so deeply, eventhough the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever.It is in your very skin. Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharinghis soul with Voldemort, could not touch you for this reason. It was agony totouch a person marked by something so good."

Dumbledore nowbecame very interested in a bird out on the windowsill, which gave Harry timeto dry his eyes on the sheet. When he had found his voice again, Harry said,"And the invisibility cloak - do you know who sent it to me?"

"Ah - yourfather happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought you might likeit." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "Useful things... your father usedit mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food when he washere."

"And there'ssomething else..."

"Fireaway."

"Quirrell saidSnape --"

"ProfessorSnape, Harry." "Yes, him -- Quirrell said he hates me because hehated my father. Is that true?"

"Well, theydid rather detest each other. Not unlike yourself and Mr. Malfoy. And then,your father did something Snape could never forgive."

"What?"

"He saved hislife."

"What?"

"Yes..."said Dumbledore dreamily. "Funny, the way people's minds work, isn't it?Professor Snape couldn't bear being in your father's debt.... I do believe heworked so hard to protect you this year because he felt that would make him andyour father even. Then he could go back to hating your father's memory inpeace...."

Harry tried tounderstand this but it made his head pound, so he stopped.

"And sir,there's one more thing..."

"Just theone?"

"How did I getthe Stone out of the mirror?"

"Ah, now, I'mglad you asked me that. It was one of my more brilliant ideas, and between youand me, that's saying something. You see, only one who wanted to find the Stone-- find it, but not use it -- would be able to get it, otherwise they'd justsee themselves making gold or drinking Elixir of Life. My brain surprises evenme sometimes.... Now, enough questions. I suggest you make a start on thesesweets. Ah! Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in myyouth to come across a vomitflavored one, and since then I'm afraid I've ratherlost my liking for them -- but I think I'll be safe with a nice toffee, don'tyou?"

He smiled andpopped the golden-brown bean into his mouth. Then he choked and said,"Alas! Ear wax!"

Madam Pomfrey, thenurse, was a nice woman, but very strict.

"Just fiveminutes," Harry pleaded.

"Absolutelynot."

"You letProfessor Dumbledore in..."

"Well, ofcourse, that was the headmaster, quite different. You need rest."

"I am resting,look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on, Madam Pomfrey..."

"Oh, verywell," she said. "But five minutes only."

And she let Ron andHermione in.

"Harry!"

Hermione lookedready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was glad she held herselfin as his head was still very sore.

"Oh, Harry, wewere sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried --"

"The wholeschool's talking about it," said Ron. "What really happened?"

It was one of thoserare occasions when the true story is even more strange and exciting than thewild rumors. Harry told them everything: Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; andVoldemort. Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in all the rightplaces, and when Harry told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Hermionescreamed out loud.

"So theStone's gone?" said Ron finally. "Flamel's just going to die?"

"That's what Isaid, but Dumbledore thinks that -- what was it? -- 'to the well-organizedmind, death is but the next great adventure.

"I always saidhe was off his rocker," said Ron, looking quite impressed at how crazy hishero was.

"So whathappened to you two?" said Harry.

"Well, I gotback all right," said Hermione. "I brought Ron round -- that took awhile -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact Dumbledore when we methim in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he just said, 'Harry's goneafter him, hasn't he?' and hurtled off to the third floor."

"D'you thinkhe meant you to do it?" said Ron. "Sending you your father's cloakand everything?"

"Well, "Hermione exploded, "if he did -- I mean to say that's terrible -- youcould have been killed."

"No, itisn't," said Harry thoughtfully. "He's a funny man, Dumbledore. Ithink he sort of wanted to give me a chance. I think he knows more or lesseverything that goes on here, you know. I reckon he had a pretty good idea wewere going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just taught us enough tohelp. I don't think it was an accident he let me find out how the mirrorworked. It's almost like he thought I had the right to face Voldemort if Icould...."

"Yeah,Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly. "Listen,you've got to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow. The points are all inand Slytherin won, of course -- you missed the last Quidditch match, we weresteamrollered by Ravenclaw without you -- but the food'll be good."

At that moment,Madam Pomfrey bustled over.

"You've hadnearly fifteen minutes, now OUT" she said firmly.

After a goodnight's sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.

I want to go to thefeast," he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes. Ican, can't I?"

"ProfessorDumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," she said stiffily, as thoughin her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn't realize how risky feasts could be."And you have another visitor."

"Oh,good," said Harry. "Who is it?"

Hagrid sidledthrough the door as he spoke. As usual when he was indoors, Hagrid looked toobig to be allowed. He sat down next to Harry, took one look at him, and burstinto tears.

"It's -- all-- my -- ruddy -- fault!" he sobbed, his face in his hands. I told theevil git how ter get past Fluffy! I told him! It was the only thing he didn'tknow, an' I told him! Yeh could've died! All fer a dragon egg! I'll never drinkagain! I should be chucked out an' made ter live as a Muggle!"

"Hagrid!"said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tearsleaking down into his beard. "Hagrid, he'd have found out somehow, this isVoldemort we're talking about, he'd have found out even if you hadn't toldhim."

"Yeh could'vedied!" sobbed Hagrid. "An' don' say the name!"

"VOLDEMORT!"Harry bellowed, and Hagrid was so shocked, he stopped crying. "I've methim and I'm calling him by his name. Please cheer up, Hagrid, we saved theStone, it's gone, he can't use it. Have a Chocolate Frog, I've gotloads...."

Hagrid wiped hisnose on the back of his hand and said, "That reminds me. I've got yeh apresent."

"It's not astoat sandwich, is it?" said Harry anxiously, and at last Hagrid gave aweak chuckle. "Nah. Dumbledore gave me the day off yesterday ter fix it.'Course, he shoulda sacked me instead -- anyway, got yeh this..."

It seemed to be ahandsome, leather-covered book. Harry opened it curiously. It was full ofwizard photographs. Smiling and waving at him from every page were his motherand father.

"Sent owls offter all yer parents' old school friends, askin' fer photos... knew yeh didn'have any... d'yeh like it?"

Harry couldn'tspeak, but Hagrid understood.

Harry made his waydown to the end-of-year feast alone that night. He had been held up by MadamPomfrey's fussing about, insisting on giving him one last checkup, so the GreatHall was already full. It was decked out in the Slytherin colors of green and silverto celebrate Slytherin's winning the house cup for the seventh year in a row. Ahuge banner showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the HighTable.

When Harry walkedin there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once.He slipped into a seat between Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table andtried to ignore the fact that people were standing up to look at him.

Fortunately,Dumbledore arrived moments later. The babble died away.

"Another yeargone!" Dumbledore said cheerfully. "And I must trouble you with anold man's wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast.What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than theywere... you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before nextyear starts....

"Now, as Iunderstand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: Infourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third,Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred andtwenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy- two."

A storm of cheeringand stamping broke out from the Slytherin table. Harry could see Draco Malfoybanging his goblet on the table. It was a sickening sight.

"Yes, Yes,well done, Slytherin," said Dumbledore. "However, recent events mustbe taken into account."

The room went verystill. The Slytherins' smiles faded a little.

"Ahem,"said Dumbledore. "I have a few last-minute points to dish out. Let me see.Yes...

"First -- toMr. Ronald Weasley..."

Ron went purple inthe face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.

"...for thebest-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindorhouse fifty points."

Gryffindor cheersnearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver. Percycould be heard telling the other prefects, "My brother, you know! My youngestbrother! Got past McGonagall's giant chess set!"

At last there wassilence again.

"Second -- toMiss Hermione Granger... for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I awardGryffindor house fifty points."

Hermione buried herface in her arms; Harry strongly suspected she had burst into tears.Gryffindors up and down the table were beside themselves -- they were a hundredpoints up. "Third -- to Mr. Harry Potter..." said Dumbledore. Theroom went deadly quiet for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I awardGryffindor house sixty points."

The din wasdeafening. Those who could add up while yelling themselves hoarse knew thatGryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points -- exactly the same asSlytherin. They had tied for the house cup -- if only Dumbledore had givenHarry just one more point.

Dumbledore raisedhis hand. The room gradually fell silent.

"There are allkinds of courage," said Dumbledore, smiling. "It takes a great dealof bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to ourfriends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville Longbottom."

Someone standingoutside the Great Hall might well have thought some sort of explosion had takenplace, so loud was the noise that erupted from the Gryffindor table. Harry,Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock,disappeared under a pile of people hugging him. He had never won so much as apoint for Gryffindor before. Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs andpointed at Malfoy, who couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'djust had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.

"Which means,Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuffwere celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, "we need a little change ofdecoration."

He clapped hishands. In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet and the silver becamegold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion tookits place. Snape was shaking Professor McGonagall's hand, with a horrible,forced smile. He caught Harry's eye and Harry knew at once that Snape'sfeelings toward him hadn't changed one jot. This didn't worry Harry. It seemedas though life would be back to normal next year, or as normal as it ever wasat Hogwarts.

It was the bestevening of Harry's life, better than winning at Quidditch, or Christmas, orknocking out mountain trolls... he would never, ever forget tonight.

Harry had almostforgotten that the exam results were still to come, but come they did. To theirgreat surprise, both he and Ron passed with good marks; Hermione, of course,had the best grades of the first years. Even Neville scraped through, his goodHerbology mark making up for his abysmal Potions one. They had hoped thatGoyle, who was almost as stupid as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he hadpassed, too. It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn't have everything inlife.

And suddenly, theirwardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville's toad was foundlurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students,warning them not to use magic over the holidays ("I always hope they'llforget to give us these," said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there totake them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they wereboarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside becamegreener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as they sped pastMuggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats;pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.

It took quite awhile for them all to get off the platform. A wizened old guard was up by theticket barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and threes so they didn'tattract attention by all bursting out of a solid wall at once and alarming theMuggles.

"You must comeand stay this summer," said Ron, "both of you -- I'll send you anowl."

"Thanks,"said Harry, "I'll need something to look forward to." People jostledthem as they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle world. Some ofthem called:

"Bye,Harry!"

"See you,Potter!"

"Stillfamous," said Ron, grinning at him.

"Not where I'mgoing, I promise you," said Harry.

He, Ron, and Hermionepassed through the gateway together. "There he is, Mom, there he is,look!"

It was GinnyWeasley, Ron's younger sister, but she wasn't pointing at Ron.

"HarryPotter!" she squealed. "Look, Mom! I can see

"Be quiet,Ginny, and it's rude to point."

Mrs. Weasley smileddown at them.

"Busyyear?" she said.

"Very,"said Harry. "Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley."

"Oh, it wasnothing, dear."

"Ready, areyou?"

It was UncleVernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerveof Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people.Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley, looking terrified at the very sightof Harry.

"You must beHarry's family!" said Mrs. Weasley.

"In a mannerof speaking," said Uncle Vernon. "Hurry up, boy, we haven't got allday." He walked away.

Harry hung back fora last word with Ron and Hermione.

"See you overthe summer, then."

"Hope you have-- er -- a good holiday," said Hermione, looking uncertainly after UncleVernon, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant.

"Oh, Iwill," said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was spreadingover his face. "They don't know we're not allowed to use magic at home.I'm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer...."
